What KTV waiter?
Yes, Lin Bing teaches you.
Now it's falling
I ended up with a KTV waiter
I'm so disappointed.
It's not that I was forced
Forced what?
He forced you
It's not that my family forced my family
How did your family force you?
My dad lost a gamble
The company owes huge debts and goes bankrupt
They forced me to marry a famous scumbag in Gimhae
Young Master Sun
I don't want to
So I thought about finding the most unpromising man
Destroy yourself
Then I happened to be here
I can solve all your troubles
Really, God of War, are you willing to help me?
I'm willing to let you be my woman
Naturally willing to help you
Is it really okay?
I just happened to put medicine in the wine
Ok ok
The little detective doesn't go away by himself
Could it be that you want to see Lao Tzu give you a live performance?
I'll tell you what.
The war commander is a hero and an impostor is a capital crime